# PaMarket Delivery App
The application is for drivers and logistics service providers who wish to find short term contract jobs to conduct collection and deliveries of a wide variety of assorted agriculture goods. With the application, users will be able to find jobs based on preferred goods, areas to deliver and distances to be covered. They will also have a live map when conducting jobs, security surveillance during the delivery, live notifications of job updates as well as offer a log history on delivery conducted, profits made, distances covered and customer-farmer ratings of the services rendered by the driver.
The application is a form of a job search platform and generally benefits all people that own a vehicle and have free time to conduct deliveries of goods. Unlike other delivery apps this application will guide users to the collection and delivery points with constant observation by the surveillance team, this will be a way of protecting drivers conducting deliveries and the goods of the customer. This surveillance feature will aid users get good ratings due to assistance with proper good inspection, good protection practices during a delivery, fast action on queries etc.
We hope our application will be a source of employment for many logistic companies and freelance drivers, as an effective drivers assistant by showing the shortest possible rote to be taken for a delivery on the live map plus live chats with our security team on inquiries. We hope our application will be a source for fast and safe deliveries, a large number of jobs and vast options granting users more job security.
The applications success will be based on the number of farmers and customers, selling and purchasing goods on the pa market platform. Therefore, we will need over 10000 users ready to accept jobs and conduct deliveries. We will conduct surveys and suggestion hearings to improve our services rendered to users. We will analyse the types of jobs most frequently taken with the ones left so as to determine reasons in the difference and work to improve them. Lastly we will observe the number If jobs available against the number of users so as to try and configure fair distribution of jobs to users.
